request-an-account.md, before:

The Benefits Screening API requires users to have an account in order to authenticate requests (using an authentication token) to receive successful responses for [each endpoint](endpoints). <a href="http://eepurl.com/gfLTuH" target="_blank">You can request an account on this page</a>. Each account request is reviewed and it may take some time (please give us 1-2 business days) for your request to be fulfilled. Also keep in mind, by requesting an account, you agree to the [terms of service for this API](terms-of-service).

After the account is created, two emails are sent to the address provided. One will contain your temporary developer credentials and the other will contain your temporary production credentials. You should use the developer credentials and domain when testing and developing with the API or in development, testing, or staging environments. The production domain should be used in public facing or production environments.

Once you have credentials you will then use them with the [Authentication Endpoint](endpoints) to set your developer and production passwords. Keep in mind; after 30 days the temporary password will expire, you will need to set your developer and production passwords.

<a href="http://eepurl.com/gfLTuH" target="_blank" class="btn color-primary-button text-secondary-white-30t">Request an Account</a>

## Summary

* <a href="http://eepurl.com/gfLTuH" target="_blank">Request an account on this page</a> with your email address. 

* By requesting an account, you agree to the [terms of service](terms-of-service).

* Usernames cannot be changed.

* Account requests are reviewed and it may take 1-2 business days to be provisioned.

* Your temporary password will expire after 30 days.

* You will need to set your developer and production passwords.

* Keep your username and temporary password to set your password.
* Contact us through [Support](mailto:screeningapi@nycopportunity.nyc.gov) if you need to update your account information.

## Next

<a href="set-password-and-token-based-authentication" title="Set Password and Token Based Authentication" class="btn color-secondary-button">Set Password and Token Based Authentication&nbsp;&nbsp;❯</a>

Commit message:

Suggested edit if a user has to reset password to access the API

request-an-account.md, after:

The Benefits Screening API requires users to have an account in order to authenticate requests (using an authentication token) to receive successful responses for [each endpoint](endpoints). <a href="http://eepurl.com/gfLTuH" target="_blank">You can request an account on this page</a>. Each account request is reviewed and it may take some time (please give us 1-2 business days) for your request to be fulfilled. Also keep in mind, by requesting an account, you agree to the [terms of service for this API](terms-of-service).

After the account is created, two emails are sent to the address provided. One will contain your temporary developer credentials and the other will contain your temporary production credentials. You should use the developer credentials and domain when testing and developing with the API or in development, testing, or staging environments. The production domain should be used in public facing or production environments.

Once you have credentials you will then use them with the [Authentication Endpoint](endpoints) to reset your developer and production passwords (separately). You are required to reset your temporary password to access the API. Keep in mind; after 30 days the temporary password will expire, you will need to set your developer and production passwords.

<a href="http://eepurl.com/gfLTuH" target="_blank" class="btn color-primary-button text-secondary-white-30t">Request an Account</a>

## Summary

* <a href="http://eepurl.com/gfLTuH" target="_blank">Request an account on this page</a> with your email address. 

* By requesting an account, you agree to the [terms of service](terms-of-service).

* Usernames cannot be changed.

* Account requests are reviewed and it may take 1-2 business days to be provisioned.

* Your temporary password will expire after 30 days.

* You will need to set your developer and production passwords.

* Keep your username and temporary password to set your password.
* Contact us through [Support](mailto:screeningapi@nycopportunity.nyc.gov) if you need to update your account information.

## Next

<a href="set-password-and-token-based-authentication" title="Set Password and Token Based Authentication" class="btn color-secondary-button">Set Password and Token Based Authentication&nbsp;&nbsp;❯</a>
